this is a video that's been making the
rounds and is to my knowledge the number
one reason why you should have a nest
camera at your house
[Music]
[Applause]
you thought it was just the one
obviously I wanted to know more about
what happened there so we've tracked the
victims down and they are joining us now
for Martinsburg West Virginia hi guys
welcome Ravi and Courtney and it's good
to see you safely indoors have you been
outside since the incident yes
and neither of you are hurt physically
correct and now you know as you can see
I'm pretty padded when did this happen
how long ago okay and that big a storm
your brother and sister correct yes yes
and who is older I'm older okay
and maybe you're the baby do you live
with your parents or you live together
just together as a family with our
parents with your parent do you think
the slippery deck may have been their
way of trying to get you to move out
there greasing it I they would be my top
suspects right now
so that's what happened set this up
Courtney you were just having a normal
morning with your brother and his
underwear I don't know to go to work and
I realized it was icy so I'm going out
to light my cigarette and have a coffee
oh and how many steps did you fall down
there it was hard to tell there was 20
of them Wow 20 steps and there's no
video of that
and Robbie I assume you heard screaming
yeah you know I woke up to that sound of
wailing was it sure was an animal or my
sister uh-huh
you know I thought she might be hurt so
I rushed right out to help her hence my
state of dress or lack thereof yeah
and my rescue attempting quite good as
well as I was hoping now let's take a
look at that moment in slow motion so we
can review it again with the audience
here there you are in your down pretty
hard which I would imagine didn't feel
great but then the ultimate indignity is
and I've been a deep-sea fishing and
I've seen this kind of thing with a tuna
before but so who wound up helping who
up after this I mean unfortunately
neither has helped each other I tried to
get up myself and go back and go out the
basement to help her without any ice but
she was able to I crawled up the steps
to my dad came out to try and help since
he went down to the basement and he's
about to have hip surgery so I don't
come down oh that would have been quite
a video in and of itself you know so how
soon after that did you realize oh we
have this on video and we should post it
I went to go get a shower to wipe off
like cream and coffee in my hair and I
came out the video of him and showed me
and asked her laughing and they were
like well there's one of you two I
wonder if I should show you so the end
of filming me and I send it to my phone
and showed everyone and everyone laughs
so I was like clapping yes and as soon
as I went down I realized what I had and
so I think when we came inside I told
mom to pull that with that video up on
her phone so I wanted to see it yeah oh
yeah it's gold are you kidding me are
you famous now in your town yes you are
taking pictures of me at the nail lounge
in spin Mills and personal on Facebook
saying oh this is the chick in the video
I can see this being a whole series you
guys Paul downstairs you'll fall down
escalators who knows I have any are
online dating possibilities emerge from
this incident no okay well we did get
you we you know I'm glad you guys are
okay and we enjoyed the video and thank
you for posting it because a lot of
people wouldn't do that we got you some
presents that we're gonna send to you
first of all we got you a big bag of
salt and all we got you a pair of sweat
pants we got them for 40% off Robbie so
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry